doc/Installation.md, before:

1. [First Time Setup](#first-time-setup)
2. [Running the website](#running-the-website)
3. [Development & Production Builds](#development--production-builds)
   1. [The Symfony 1 Project Structure](#the-symfony-1-project-structure)
4. [Working with the Php-Apache container](#working-with-the-php-apache-container)
   1. [Using virtual host name](#using-virtual-host-name)
5. [Working with the MySQL container](#working-with-the-mysql-container)
      1. [About the sample database](#about-the-sample-database)
      2. [MySQL Workbench](#mysql-workbench)
      3. [Using MySQL from the command line](#using-mysql-from-the-command-line)
      4. [Rebuild / reset the sample database](#rebuild--reset-the-sample-database)
6. [Working with Symfony 1.x](#working-with-symfony-1x)
   1. [Clearing Symfony's cache](#clearing-symfonys-cache)
   2. [Debugging & checking for errors](#debugging--checking-for-errors)
7. [F.A.Q.](#faq)
   1. [Docker](#docker)
   2. [Generate favicons (optional)](#generate-favicons-optional)

# First Time Setup

Pre-requisites:

- Install [Docker CE](https://docs.docker.com/install/) on Ubuntu, or [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/install/) on Macs.
- `docker` and `docker-compose` are available in your terminal

**Init bash history files** which are persisted through Docker volumes:

    touch docker/db/bash/.bash_history docker/php-apache/bash/.bash_history

**Build the containers**.

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note right after the containers are up, MySQL/Mariadb may take a minute to populate the local database. Check with `docker-compose logs -f`. A new folder `mysql56/` will be created in the root directory, which maintains the state of the database.

    docker-compose up -d

**CLI into the `web` (php/Apache) container**. You should see a colored prompt: `[php] root /var/www/html $`.

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note: the path `/var/www/html` is mapped to `src/` which is the Symfony root folder.

    docker-compose exec web bash

**Init some Symfony directories**:

    mkdir -p cache log ; chmod 777 cache log

**Init the ViteJs build** directory:

    mkdir -p web/build ; chmod 777 web web/build

**Also init some private config files**:

    cp web/.htaccess_default web/.htaccess
    cp apps/koohii/config/app.example.yml apps/koohii/config/app.yml
    cp apps/koohii/config/settings.example.yml apps/koohii/config/settings.yml

**Install node packages** (ignore warnings about "fsevents" and "ajv"):

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note how **npm** scripts are run from the **vite/** subfolder -- which is NOT the Symfony root folder

    cd vite/
    npm install

# Running the website

Remember to start the **Vite dev server**, otherwise the site will look broken without any stylesheets applied.

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note: if the latency from Vite dev server is annoying it's possible to use `vite build --watch` instead (aliased to `npm run watch`). See `USE_DEV_SERVER` info in [Development.md](./Development.md)

    cd vite/
    npm run dev

You should see something like this:

    vite v2.5.6 dev server running at:

    > Local:    http://localhost:3000/
    > Network:  http://172.20.0.3:3000/

    ready in 3495ms.

Now you should be able to preview the site at (refresh the page if it looks broken):

    http://localhost/index_dev.php

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note: if somehow your `vite` dev server is not running at `http://localhost:3000/` then edit `VITE_SERVER` in `coreWebResponse.php`

You can sign in as `admin`, or `guest` or any of the users that are linked to the shared stories. All users in the sample database have a the password `test` and a dummy email.

You can of course create additional accounts. No emails are sent in development mode.

# Development & Production Builds

Production scripts are not included.

For the produciton experience, use `USE_DEV_SERVER = false` with `vite build --watch`.

Please note Kanji Koohii's code base goes back to the summer of 2005!

**Php**: The backend code started as plain php files. It was later refactored to Symfony 1.x (with some remaining small hacks / tweaks). The php code was updated to run on php 7. In general newer developments should use less php templating and more client side code.

**Docker setup**: we use two simple containers: `web` for Php 7.x & Apache, `db` for MysQL 5.6. For convenience, both containers maintain bash history and custom aliases through a Docker volume (see `docker-compose.yml`).

## The Symfony 1 Project Structure

Some bootstrap code is in `apps/koohii/config/koohiiConfiguration.class.php`.

All application configuration is in `apps/koohii/config/` Yaml files: `app.yml`, `settings.yml`, `routing.yml`, etc.

The global layout is in `apps/koohii/templates/layout.php`.

# Working with the Php-Apache container

This setup assumes files are created & modified from outside the container, otherwise there may be permission issues (YMMV). Occasionally folders and files can appear with owner `www-data`. I have no idea why this happens. All files and folders in the php/apache container should show up as `root root`.

- Typically I run VSCode, Sublime Merge, Vim, git etc. **from the host**.

- All `npm` scripts, including the Vite client are run **from the container**.

## Using virtual host name

You can use a virtual host name instead of `localhost`, for example (`/etc/hosts`):

    127.0.0.1    koohii.local

Update the `ServerName` in `.docker/php-apache/koohii.vhosts.conf`, then rebuild the `web` container (`dc down ; dc build ; dc up -d`).

Also make sure to update `website_url` setting located in `src/apps/koohii/config/app.yml`. This setting is used to generate links in a few places.

# Working with the MySQL container

The local database is initialized from a SQL file located in `.docker/db/initdb.d/`. This folder is mapped to the MySQL Docker image (cf. [Initializing a fresh instance](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/#initializing-a-fresh-instance)).

The database state itself is maintained through a volume. The first time you run the _db_ service, a `mysql56` folder will appear in the root directory on your host. If you delete this folder, any changes like new user accounts, stories and flashcards will be lost.

### About the sample database

See [Database.md](./Database.md) in doc/ folder.

### MySQL Workbench

You can use [MySQL Workbench](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/) on your host to run queries through a GUI. Use `localhost` and port `3306`.

### Using MySQL from the command line

To use mysql CLI, start bash from the `db` container:

    dc exec db bash
    [mysql] root /etc/mysql $

Then run **mysql** CLI:

    mysql -u koohii -pkoohii -h localhost -D db_github --default-character-set=utf8

You can also add an alias in `.docker/db/root/.bashrc`.

### Rebuild / reset the sample database

Source files are in `docker/db/initdb.d/`.

Should you need to reset the database:

    $ sudo rm -rf mysql56

Then rebuild the MySQL container:

    $ dc down ; dc build ; dc up -d

# Working with Symfony 1.x

Kanji Koohii is still running an outdated version fo Symfony. Unfortunately at this point it would take a LOT of work to refactor it. That said, SF 1.x is pretty easy to use.

The [FriendsOfSymfony1](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony1/symfony1) community-driven fork has been merged, which provides support for PHP 7.

- [The Definitive Guide (1.2)](https://symfony.com/legacy/doc/book/1_2) is very good for a quick overview
- [Documentation for Symfony 1.x](https://symfony.com/legacy/doc)

## Clearing Symfony's cache

Most YAML (`.yml`) configuration changes are picked up automatically (for example, adding a javascript asset to one of the `view.yml` files). In some cases such as adding a new php class, Symfony's autoloader may not pick it up. In this case you'll want to manually rebuild the cache. Run the following command from the `web` (php/apache) container:

> :exclamation: &nbsp; Make sure to be in the Symfony root folder `src/`, **not** in the Vite subfolder (`src/vite/`)

    sf cache:clear --type=config

## Debugging & checking for errors

A really simple way to debug on the php side is to use [error_log](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.error-log) function. Then check the log in real time (from the `web` container):

    tail -f /var/log/apache2/error.log

Or use the bash alias (see .docker/php-apache/root/.bash_aliases):

    phperrlog

# F.A.Q.

## Docker

Suggested aliases:

    alias dc='docker-compose'
    alias dk='docker'

Make sure both containers are running, and don't show "exit 0":

    $ dc ps

    Name                 Command             State              Ports
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    kk_mysql       docker-entrypoint.sh mysqld   Up      0.0.0.0:3306->3306/tcp
    kk_webserver   apache2ctl -D FOREGROUND      Up      443/tcp, 0.0.0.0:80->80/tcp

If one container exited (eg. Apache complaining that httpd is already running), try:

    dc down && dc up -d

You can also check the logs:

    dc logs -f

## Generate favicons (optional)

Should you want to build/rebuild them, follow instructions in [src/web/favicons/README.md](src/web/favicons/README.md).

Commit message:

(doc/Installation.md): add small note about `vite` alias

doc/Installation.md, after:

1. [First Time Setup](#first-time-setup)
2. [Running the website](#running-the-website)
3. [Development & Production Builds](#development--production-builds)
   1. [The Symfony 1 Project Structure](#the-symfony-1-project-structure)
4. [Working with the Php-Apache container](#working-with-the-php-apache-container)
   1. [Using virtual host name](#using-virtual-host-name)
5. [Working with the MySQL container](#working-with-the-mysql-container)
      1. [About the sample database](#about-the-sample-database)
      2. [MySQL Workbench](#mysql-workbench)
      3. [Using MySQL from the command line](#using-mysql-from-the-command-line)
      4. [Rebuild / reset the sample database](#rebuild--reset-the-sample-database)
6. [Working with Symfony 1.x](#working-with-symfony-1x)
   1. [Clearing Symfony's cache](#clearing-symfonys-cache)
   2. [Debugging & checking for errors](#debugging--checking-for-errors)
7. [F.A.Q.](#faq)
   1. [Docker](#docker)
   2. [Generate favicons (optional)](#generate-favicons-optional)

# First Time Setup

Pre-requisites:

- Install [Docker CE](https://docs.docker.com/install/) on Ubuntu, or [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/install/) on Macs.
- `docker` and `docker-compose` are available in your terminal

**Init bash history files** which are persisted through Docker volumes:

    touch docker/db/bash/.bash_history docker/php-apache/bash/.bash_history

**Build the containers**.

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note right after the containers are up, MySQL/Mariadb may take a minute to populate the local database. Check with `docker-compose logs -f`. A new folder `mysql56/` will be created in the root directory, which maintains the state of the database.

    docker-compose up -d

**CLI into the `web` (php/Apache) container**. You should see a colored prompt: `[php] root /var/www/html $`.

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note: the path `/var/www/html` is mapped to `src/` which is the Symfony root folder.

    docker-compose exec web bash

**Init some Symfony directories**:

    mkdir -p cache log ; chmod 777 cache log

**Init the ViteJs build** directory:

    mkdir -p web/build ; chmod 777 web web/build

**Also init some private config files**:

    cp web/.htaccess_default web/.htaccess
    cp apps/koohii/config/app.example.yml apps/koohii/config/app.yml
    cp apps/koohii/config/settings.example.yml apps/koohii/config/settings.yml

**Install node packages** (ignore warnings about "fsevents" and "ajv"):

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note how **npm** scripts are run from the **vite/** subfolder -- which is NOT the Symfony root folder

    cd vite/
    npm install

# Running the website

From the `web` (php/apache) container, cd into the **vite/** subfolder:

    cd vite/

Start the **Vite dev server** (otherwise the site will look broken without any stylesheets applied).

> :point_right: &nbsp; If the latency from Vite dev server is annoying it's possible to use `vite build --watch` instead. See `USE_DEV_SERVER` info in [Development.md](./Development.md)

> :point_right: &nbsp; You can also just type `vite` instead of `npm run dev` (a few aliases are setup in `./docker/php-apache/bash/.bash_aliases`).

    npm run dev

You should see something like this:

    vite v2.5.6 dev server running at:

    > Local:    http://localhost:3000/
    > Network:  http://172.20.0.3:3000/

    ready in 3495ms.

Now you should be able to preview the site at (refresh the page if it looks broken):

    http://localhost/index_dev.php

> :point_right: &nbsp; Note: if somehow your `vite` dev server is not running at `http://localhost:3000/` then edit `VITE_SERVER` in `coreWebResponse.php`

You can sign in as `admin`, or `guest` or any of the users that are linked to the shared stories. All users in the sample database have a the password `test` and a dummy email.

You can of course create additional accounts. No emails are sent in development mode.

# Development & Production Builds

Production scripts are not included.

For the produciton experience, use `USE_DEV_SERVER = false` with `vite build --watch`.

Please note Kanji Koohii's code base goes back to the summer of 2005!

**Php**: The backend code started as plain php files. It was later refactored to Symfony 1.x (with some remaining small hacks / tweaks). The php code was updated to run on php 7. In general newer developments should use less php templating and more client side code.

**Docker setup**: we use two simple containers: `web` for Php 7.x & Apache, `db` for MysQL 5.6. For convenience, both containers maintain bash history and custom aliases through a Docker volume (see `docker-compose.yml`).

## The Symfony 1 Project Structure

Some bootstrap code is in `apps/koohii/config/koohiiConfiguration.class.php`.

All application configuration is in `apps/koohii/config/` Yaml files: `app.yml`, `settings.yml`, `routing.yml`, etc.

The global layout is in `apps/koohii/templates/layout.php`.

# Working with the Php-Apache container

This setup assumes files are created & modified from outside the container, otherwise there may be permission issues (YMMV). Occasionally folders and files can appear with owner `www-data`. I have no idea why this happens. All files and folders in the php/apache container should show up as `root root`.

- Typically I run VSCode, Sublime Merge, Vim, git etc. **from the host**.

- All `npm` scripts, including the Vite client are run **from the container**.

## Using virtual host name

You can use a virtual host name instead of `localhost`, for example (`/etc/hosts`):

    127.0.0.1    koohii.local

Update the `ServerName` in `.docker/php-apache/koohii.vhosts.conf`, then rebuild the `web` container (`dc down ; dc build ; dc up -d`).

Also make sure to update `website_url` setting located in `src/apps/koohii/config/app.yml`. This setting is used to generate links in a few places.

# Working with the MySQL container

The local database is initialized from a SQL file located in `.docker/db/initdb.d/`. This folder is mapped to the MySQL Docker image (cf. [Initializing a fresh instance](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/#initializing-a-fresh-instance)).

The database state itself is maintained through a volume. The first time you run the _db_ service, a `mysql56` folder will appear in the root directory on your host. If you delete this folder, any changes like new user accounts, stories and flashcards will be lost.

### About the sample database

See [Database.md](./Database.md) in doc/ folder.

### MySQL Workbench

You can use [MySQL Workbench](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/) on your host to run queries through a GUI. Use `localhost` and port `3306`.

### Using MySQL from the command line

To use mysql CLI, start bash from the `db` container:

    dc exec db bash
    [mysql] root /etc/mysql $

Then run **mysql** CLI:

    mysql -u koohii -pkoohii -h localhost -D db_github --default-character-set=utf8

You can also add an alias in `.docker/db/root/.bashrc`.

### Rebuild / reset the sample database

Source files are in `docker/db/initdb.d/`.

Should you need to reset the database:

    $ sudo rm -rf mysql56

Then rebuild the MySQL container:

    $ dc down ; dc build ; dc up -d

# Working with Symfony 1.x

Kanji Koohii is still running an outdated version fo Symfony. Unfortunately at this point it would take a LOT of work to refactor it. That said, SF 1.x is pretty easy to use.

The [FriendsOfSymfony1](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony1/symfony1) community-driven fork has been merged, which provides support for PHP 7.

- [The Definitive Guide (1.2)](https://symfony.com/legacy/doc/book/1_2) is very good for a quick overview
- [Documentation for Symfony 1.x](https://symfony.com/legacy/doc)

## Clearing Symfony's cache

Most YAML (`.yml`) configuration changes are picked up automatically (for example, adding a javascript asset to one of the `view.yml` files). In some cases such as adding a new php class, Symfony's autoloader may not pick it up. In this case you'll want to manually rebuild the cache. Run the following command from the `web` (php/apache) container:

> :exclamation: &nbsp; Make sure to be in the Symfony root folder `src/`, **not** in the Vite subfolder (`src/vite/`)

    sf cache:clear --type=config

## Debugging & checking for errors

A really simple way to debug on the php side is to use [error_log](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.error-log) function. Then check the log in real time (from the `web` container):

    tail -f /var/log/apache2/error.log

Or use the bash alias (see .docker/php-apache/root/.bash_aliases):

    phperrlog

# F.A.Q.

## Docker

Suggested aliases:

    alias dc='docker-compose'
    alias dk='docker'

Make sure both containers are running, and don't show "exit 0":

    $ dc ps

    Name                 Command             State              Ports
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    kk_mysql       docker-entrypoint.sh mysqld   Up      0.0.0.0:3306->3306/tcp
    kk_webserver   apache2ctl -D FOREGROUND      Up      443/tcp, 0.0.0.0:80->80/tcp

If one container exited (eg. Apache complaining that httpd is already running), try:

    dc down && dc up -d

You can also check the logs:

    dc logs -f

## Generate favicons (optional)

Should you want to build/rebuild them, follow instructions in [src/web/favicons/README.md](src/web/favicons/README.md).
